{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8680\viewh12920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \ulc1 Latest Update\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf1 \ulnone July
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b \cf1 iOS SDK
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b \cf1 Answers by Crashlytics. Already integrated into this SDK.
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf1 Finally, mobile analytics you don\'92t need to analyze. Answers by Crashlytics provides live insights into app usage, user growth, engagement and retention -- with no app degradation. Login to your dashboard to activate Answers for your apps. 
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\i\b \cf1 // Fixes:
\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1 \cf1 - Fixed an intermittent memory leak. 
\f2 \

\f1 - Improved event collection speed for Answers, by intelligently and quickly sending data at low impact times to optimize and reduce traffic on your app. 
\f2 \

\f1 - Added the ability to add testers and release notes to Beta builds directly from the command line. 
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf1 - Enhanced our backend to improve performance and stability for future feature development.
\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone -----\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \ulc1 Past Updates\ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone -----
\b\fs28 \ul \ulc1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf1 \
June
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf1 School may be out for the summer, but we\'92re hard at work shipping fixes and upgrades for all your iOS apps! \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // Fixes:\ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf1 iOS SDK
\b0 \
- Addressed an issue that created a deadlock for testers running an app distributed through Beta by Crashlytics on iOS 6.\
- Improved stability for users running iOS 8 encountered rare crashes in apps with Crashlytics included.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf1 Crashlytics Mac app
\b0 \
- Improved plugin UI of the distribution tab and enhanced upload reliability when sending builds to testers.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \ulc1 May\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone We\'92re excited to announce the launch of Beta by Crashlytics, the most streamlined beta distribution experience. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i\b \cf1 // New:
\i0\b0 \
\

\b Beta by Crashlytics. Already integrated into this plugin.
\b0 \
With no additional software or install needed, Beta by Crashlytics is deeply integrated with Xcode. You can now invite testers, distribute new builds and set release notes all through our Mac App plugin. \
\

\b Enhanced Navigation
\b0  \
We\'92ve enhanced the plugin usability with updates to the navigation UI. Once Beta by Crashlytics is enabled for your org, you\'92ll see a new Distribution tab. \
\

\i For more info visit our site.
\i0  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf1 May
\fs30 \ulnone  
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 April showers bring May...SDK updates built just for you and your iOS apps! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\i\b \cf1 \ul // New:
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 - Enhanced our backend to improve performance and stability for future feature development.\
- Added support for OS X apps as part of Crashlytics Labs.\
- Enabled a backend site scraper to secure hundreds of WWDC tickets (we wish..)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
February\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone - Upgraded our backend to help support future product and feature development.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Fixed a bug to improve our SDK configuration.\
- For all you multi-taskers, we enhanced support in our Mac App when a build occurs during login.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul January
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Removed collection of IDFA.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul November
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Improved application icon support for iOS 7.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed an issue with deleted applications.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul September\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Added arm64 support for iPhone 5s.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul August
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed non-critical bugs.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed build processing bugs.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul July\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Have multiple targets with same source project? No problem. We now support automatically adding apps for faster access.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Crisp new artwork for your Retina MacBook\
- More use of push notifications, resulting is much less networking.\
- Now easier than ever to manage large numbers of apps and organizations with the application navigator.\
- Easier access to sign out and quit\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed an issue with custom key values that contain JSON or NSDictionary description content.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Workaround for instability caused by the Metadata API\
- Workaround for instability related to push notifications\
- Improvements for users that sign in with multiple accounts\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul May\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Added OSVersion and OSBuildVersion to the CLSCrashReport protocol.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed an issue with custom key values that contain JSON or NSDictionary description content.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
April
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 \ul // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Added bundleVersion, bundleShortVersionString and crashedOnDate to the CLSCrashReport protocol.\
- Validated compliance with Apple UDID deprecation\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
March\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed a small issue with CLS_LOG, CLSLog and CLSNSLog with log file rolling.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
February\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone 2013 New Year performance update.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK
\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone - Addressed an issue with reports while using OpenGL on the simulator\
- Improved robustness when reading dyld information\
- Improved memory usage when submitting large crash reports\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac
\i \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone - Addressed a dSYM upload issue when the Crashlytics app is first launched\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \
-----\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul 2012\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone -----
\b\fs28 \ul \
December\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone Built-in Build Server Support.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 Yes, you heard that correctly. We've been hard at work to support build servers right out of the box. All you need to do is.. nothing. It just works :) Enjoy!\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 November\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone This is a performance update for both the Mac app and iOS SDK.
\i\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed an issue with using Crashlytics with OCUnit tests.\
- Improved behavior on jailbroken devices with non-standard file system layouts.\
- Improved behavior in the face of corrupt dyld information.\
- Improved handling for exceptions with extremely long reason strings.\
- Corrected a display issue for ram usage in the simulator.\
- Improved behavior if startWithAPIKey is called more than once.
\b \

\b0 - Improved performance update.\
- Fixes an issue where startup delay is not used when settings are not cached.\
- Fixes an issue where report collection settings where not respected in rare cases.\
- iOS SDK update to improve capturing and reporting crashes.
\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 \
October\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK
\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone - A small SDK performance improvement and further code tightening.
\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 \
September\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone Crashlytics for Mac
\i \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone - Addressed an issue that could prevent an application icon\'92s from being properly captured\ul \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 - Exception chaining\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 - [09.12.12] Support for armv7s (iPhone 5).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
August
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 // New:
\i0 \
Notifications.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We've implemented initial support for notifications using push. You now get notifications when someone comments on an issue on your web dashboard in issue summary.
\b \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf1 // Fixes:
\i0 \
Crashlytics for Mac
\b0 \
- Now supports integrated graphics for UI rendering\
- Fixed a crash when dSYM generation is disabled for a project\
- Fixed a crash when an app is re-built multiple times during onboarding\
- Fixed an issue that could result in invalid paths being generated for dSYM caching\
- Addressed a slow file descriptor leak\
\

\b iOS SDK
\b0 \
- Updated the SDK to support new streamlined API endpoints\
- General stability and performance improvements in our effort to build the most powerful and lightest weight crash reporting SDK\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
Initial 2.0 Release
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
Crashlytics develops serious software for serious developers. We're \ul incredibly\ulnone  excited to release a major upgrade to our Mac app. It's a total rewrite from the bottom up, with new features to make your life easier!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac 
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 // Features
\i0 \
\
Issues View.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You can now see the list of your issues right on your desktop! If you want more details, simply click through and it will load the issue in your browser.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Live updating.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 If you or your teammates close issues, delete an app, or add an app on the web or through the Mac app, it will update live. Those changes will be reflected immediately now in Crashlytics for Mac.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Multi-organization Support.
\b0 \
Part of multiple organizations? Want to switch between them? Now you can! Just click on your name at the bottom to bring up the list of organizations that you belong to.\
\

\b Application Switching.
\b0 \
There is now a dedicated tab for seeing, switching, and managing all the apps in your organization.\

\b \
Xcode Workspace Support.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We've always supported Xcode projects. For developers that use Workspaces, we've now got you covered! When you add an app, just click on a workspace and we'll show you the projects inside to choose from.
\b \
\
Xcode Launcher.\

\b0 For quick access to your project, we've built a short-cut right into Crashlytics for Mac. This activates after your first build. When you click the icon at the top right, we launch Xcode and open your project. It's that simple.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Improved dSYM Uploader.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You shouldn't have to worry about your dSYM files. We've improved the underlying technology that auto-uploads the dSYM files (so we can symbolicate your crashes).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Improved New-App Flow.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We know you love our onboarding for new apps -- and we've tweaked our install process to be even easier and faster!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Release Notes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 Transparency is important to us. When we make updates, we can now share with you what we've improved (just like we're doing right now :)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 iOS SDK
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf1 // Features
\i0 \
\
Fastest.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 One of the world's top apps ran an internal test comparing the startup time between us and another SDK. The other SDK clocked in at 34% of their app's startup time -- Crashlytics came in at 2%.
\b \
\
Async-Safe.\

\b0 Serious developers care about libraries that are async-safe. (That's us.)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Lightweight.
\b0 \
We've meticulously built our SDK so that the footprint is extremely small -- about 40KB compiled in. Most of your .PNGs are probably bigger than that.\

\b \
Custom Keys & Custom Logging.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You asked and we've answered. Custom logging support is now baked into our iOS SDK. Our logging function is 10x faster than NSLog.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Non-blocking & User-Safe.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We care tremendously about the stability of your app and the experience for your users. If for any reason our SDK fails to do what it's suppose to do, it has no impact on your app or to your users. 
\b \
}